their story is a microcosm of what's
going on right across Africa tens of
thousands of chimps are imprisoned in
stretches of forest that can't support
them they're forced into a
smash-and-grab
existence being the chains do when they
arrive is repelled the young lives of
the banana tree when they come they
don't just eat the fruit of the banana
tree they also eat the heart of the tree
this tree is destroyed and it will never
bear fruit again a full-grown chimp is a
force to be reckoned with
kitty Jeannie come amis meaning the
problem we have with chimps is that they
attract crops also take chickens baby
goats even names it could happen that
they take a human baby and because of
these things people run away from the
chimps because now the chimps even spend
the night in the village
it's a continent-wide story of desperate
animals stealing from villagers who are
themselves struggling to make ends meet